In the last lecture we add we're here to make our code leaner and easier.
And death is nice.
But Jake worry is only one available library a library which focuses on accessing the dorm working with
the dorm.
Now we can also use low dash.
So just search for Lotus to go to Lotus dot com and Lowder's.
It's a javascript library which offers a lot of utility functions.
You can learn more about all these utility functions if you visit the documentation.
It gives you a lot of functions to work with arrays collections of strings and all these things for
example and you can simply download it here for a local development or since I want to use a CD any
or to go to Cdn and then choose for example the core package.
Coord up Mendota.
J.S..
Copy that.
Go to your HMO code.
Also at this import the order doesn't matter here but it would matter if you want to override some functions
Cheikh where you offers which.
Well typically Leibert shouldn't override each other functions but yet the order to you know theoretically
does matter.
Now with Lowder's at it we can actually have a look at the documentation and Heera this one specific
utility function I'm interested in
and that last year under utile unique ID it creates a unique ideas to name SAS.
So now we can use that to create this truly unique idea here.
You use Lotus by using a underscore.
That's where the name comes from Zobel.
This might look strange to us actually is a valid javascript function names are just like dollar sign
was for Shakeri low dash does underscore.
Now is accessing the low Dasch object so to say.
And there we can.
As you see your execute unique ID so unique ID and we could give it our own prefix we don't have to
though.
If we now had control enter and open up the console let's add by milk again and let's add on surre questions
a final time.
If we have a look at these objects we see we do have unique IDs here incrementing numbers and therefore
I can of course still remove these items.
This still works ask before but now using a natural library loader to get this utility function and
then hopefully shows you how we could improve this application by not just using vanilla javascript
or in the end we are of course using vanilla javascript but also adding some third party libraries to
improve our life here and to make our code a cleaner and therefore easier to manage.